We think that the cheapest term
insurance plan is the best. It is
wrong. You will be happy once with the cheapest term insurance,
but you will
regret it later. In the beginning, you will feel like I have hit the pumpkin
thrice, but later you will sit holding your head.
Secondly, the less the advance, the less the
premium will have to be paid. The
higher the age, the premium will increase. And the interesting thing is that as
long as your policy is in place, the premium will remain the same, it will
not increase. Once it is fixed, it is fixed. No matter
how big an
epidemic comes in the world, the
premium gets frozen and remains the same. That is why
I will always say young people,
take a term plan, it is a profitable deal.
After watching this video, you will watch some other video
which is not there. You will get all the knowledge in this video.
Term deposit is the cheapest
insurance in which your premium is
very less and the life cover can be of lakhs or
crores. If you have
liabilities on you,
then you should definitely take insurance. Or
if you have dependents, are
you the only earning member in the family or there are
earners but there are many dependents
or you are the head of the family, then you
must take Kavita Mention.  Or you love your family
and you are afraid that
if something happens to you, what will happen to your family,
you should also take this term insurance, is it
dump insurance, first of all let's
understand it, then insurance
planning is a simple plan in which your
life is covered, if
something special happens to you, then your family
gets a fixed amount, thirdly, the
premium of term insurance is very low, fourthly, in this
you
can insure a huge amount with a very small amount, I told
you, fifthly, in case of your death, the
full name of the person whom you had made as nominee is known, due to which
they do not face any problem, it is
simple, you must have understood, let's
move ahead, now we
can take this term insurance in any way we want, if
you want that on your death,
your family should get the entire money, then they will get the entire
money and now you want that
money should keep getting added to their account every month, that is,
they will get it monthly, do you
want it not only to my wife but also to
my children,
I have even normalized it by dividing a portion from yours  It
can be more. I will repeat one thing to you
again and will keep repeating it further. The
younger the age, the
lower the premium. The older the age, the
higher the premium. If I get insurance for 25 years, then the monthly premium will be Rs.
690.
And if I give insurance at once, my
age is 25 years, but if I take it at
58 years, then I will have to pay
around Rs. 10,000 per month. And the most
important thing that I told you is that
once the premium is set, it stays set,
that PM does not change. Just be careful
that you do not write anything wrong while filling up the form. If you
smoke, then
write that you had a checkup done. If you had any
disease, then write that you had a
checkup done, that was the disease. Writing a lie,
writing wrong can prove costly for your family after you are gone.
Telling the truth will cost a little more
in premium, but definitely
tell the truth. You will have to pay the premium along with it. Pay
more premium but do not do anything that will make
your family regret later because of your negligence.
Then we move ahead. If you
want your payment also, you can schedule it.  If
you want, you can make one time payment, or you can
not make payment
quarterly or monthly, you can plan as per your wish.
Well, let's try to know
how much it will be. You can get insurance up to 25 times your annual income. For example, if
your
annual income is Rs 10 lakh, then we
take 20 times of Rs 10 lakh and it becomes Rs 2 crore, then
your insurance can be of Rs 2 crore
and if your annual income is Rs 5 lakh, then
how much will it be Rs 1 crore, your
term insurance will be of Rs 1 crore. I will
say here again and again that your life
insurance should not only be affordable
but the claim which is needed should be passed.
You spent a lot of money but
when the family had to get the money, they did not get it, then
you should have both the qualities which should be affordable
and the claim should be passed. When you are not there,
I have done a lot of research and I am giving you the reason to measure it.
Listen, listen carefully one by one.
First of all, you go through three steps,
how much will you have to pay the money,
then you will know that this  It is portable and
then we will find out what the clamp percentage ratio is.
First of all, take out your mobile
phone. The first step is to
type in "term plan" on your mobile phone. Just write "tom plan" and nothing else
and then go to Google from your mobile.
No need for a computer. Second, let us
take the fourth example from the top.
This
video is not sponsored by Max Life's website. Beware, if anyone
writes anything wrong in the comment section, the
sponsor website will open. 56 Let them go.
We have to search for organics,
not trees. Third, now fill in your details as soon as the country opens
and the work is done. Now see how much money you will have to pay. It is
easy.
You will get riders by filling the form. The more riders you
select, the more your payment will increase,
but the benefits will also increase. Now also
find out what the premium is right now. Don't forget, the
sooner you get your insurance, the cheaper it will be
and that premium is frozen for your entire life.
This is the best benefit. No matter
how much inflation wreaks havoc, your premium will remain the same.
Not a single penny extra will be there. The older you
deposit, the more your PM will increase.
I told you this as my example.  Quickly find out the
minimum premium you'll have to pay.
Term insurance
covers you for just ₹90 crore. For
those with two crores, it won't be double, it'll be less than 50%,
meaning ₹1030 per month.
You spend more than that on a hotel dinner and
Netflix every month.
Firstly, term insurance is
very affordable. If your income
increases in the future, you
can also get this insurance. Secondly,
don't look at your premiums, look at your claim
statement ratio. Max Life has the highest claim statement
ratio in India right now, in the month of 2022, at
99.34%. This
means that
99.34% of claims are passed.
This company has improved itself significantly in claim settlement.
I've been saying
repeatedly that you should
n't just look at affordability; you should
also consider other things, such as the claim
statement.
How much is Rishu now what is this amount segment
ratio, look at it, I think the
claim settlement ratio of any insurance company is
good, I take only 99.34%, but the
claims rejected by this company are of ten
crores and the ones passed 99.34% are
of lakhs, that is, they are a bit small, this
bastard has fooled you with this hang and
most of the insurance companies fool you,
you have to see that for which you
want to take term insurance,
how much is the amount of Salman Rishu, how much is that of Max Life,
I will not tell you this, I will
leave it to you, you should find out, it is
your money, now it is not just about your money,
more than that it is about the security of your family, will
your family get that claim after you are gone, whatever the amount, you should do a
little hard work yourself, so the
most important thing is that it should be
portable, the number is that the claim
settlement ratio, amount, settlement ratio,
all these percentages of that company should be the
best and let us move ahead, let us
talk about the third thing
Whatever expenses you incur in health insurance, the
insurance company only pays you for those expenses.
However, if you take critical insurance here, then
you get
an amount for any of the 64 diseases,
which you never get from a health insurance company
because health insurance
only returns the money spent.
This is the third
benefit we get. If
you take accident cover rider here, then even if you
die in any action,
your family will get the insurance money.
Fifth is if you
take permanent disability rider. In this situation, no one
dies, but the person becomes
disabled physically or
mentally. Even then, you will
get the money. Yes, you will get the money even then. The next
rider is great. Return of Premium Rider.
In this rider, at the age of 60, when you
want to get back all the love you have given to your lover, yes,
you will get back all the love in this rider.
This means that you have
done nothing and don't  There are reasons to choose this Max
Life, but again I would
say that you should verify everything yourself, do not
just go by my word. The next
benefit is for women and wives, if you want to
cover yourself with life insurance
so that your children can be your inheritors, but the
problem faced by most women is that
they have to provide proof of their husband's income.
Many times women do
not know their husband's income or
they are divorced or the husband has left them. There is
no need to provide any proof of husband's income in Max Life, isn't it
simple and its benefits are not over yet. Keep
listening, I will say again and again, you should
not just look at affordability, you should
not look at cheapness, you have to look at other things
and let's move ahead, this cover covers you not
only for the age of 7 years but till the age of 85 years,
now like
till the age of 60 years, but this is not less, it will
cover your life till the age of 85 years.
Lastly, while taking the policy,
you will not have to do any physical medical  No need to do it, you
can get your medical done sitting at home just on the video, there is no need to go anywhere, it
saves your time, there is no headache,
just take care that whatever I tell you is correct,
this video is not sponsored, neither am I
giving you any link nor any discount code, find out for
yourself about Max Life
Insurance from Google and if my opinion about this
insurance company is correct then get the
insurance done today itself and compare all the
things that I have told you with other companies to see if what I have
told you is wrong
and we will meet in my next video,
press 20 India of Him Good Night